Add details on setting aws cli (#2341)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/access-aws-console.html.md

1. Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) on macOS or Linux.
1. Run `brew install alphagov/gds/gds-cli` to install from the [GDS Homebrew tap](https://github.com/alphagov/homebrew-gds).
1. Run `gds config yubikey false` if you type AWS MFA codes from your phone.

### First run

You'll be asked for credentials on first run:

```shell
$ gds aws govuk-integration-poweruser -l
Welcome to the GDS CLI! We will now store your AWS credentials in the keychain using aws-vault.
Enter Access Key ID: AK-YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-ID
Enter Secret Access Key: blah blah
Added credentials to profile "gds-users" in vault
Successfully initialised gds-cli
Enter token for arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/firstname.lastname@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk: 123456
```

Your Access Key is from the AWS console:

![AWS Access Key](images/aws/access-key.png)

If you've forgotten the secret, regenerate it and save your key's secret somewhere safe!

> You'll also be prompted to save credentials to your Mac's Keyvault as `aws-vault` and set a password for it. Save that password somewhere safe too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll also be prompted to save credentials to your Mac's Keychain as `aws-vault` and set a password for it. Save that password somewhere safe too, like a password manager.
```

> Note:  If you see `fatal: yubikey: no such path in the working tree`, it's because you're using ZSH, which has `gds` set up as a Git alias. You can either remove that alias by adding `unalias gds` to your `~/.zshrc`, or use `gds-cli` instead of `gds` for all the commands below.

If you have `bash-completion` installed and configured, the gds-cli tab completions will work out of the box. They're especially useful for long commands like AWS account names.

## Re-initialising

> If you have problems, like forgetting your `aws-vault` password, delete the local creds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forget your `aws-vault` password, delete the aws-vault keychain with `rm ~/Library/Keychains/aws-vault-keychain-db` and re-initialise the `gds-cli` by changing `initialised: true` to `initialise: false` in `~/.gds/config.yml`, then re-run the "First run" commands above.
```

```shell
rm ~/Library/Keychains/aws-vault.keychain-db
```

and re-run the "First run" section above.

> 

Reviewer: These lines can go.

Author: Done - but I also reformatted your commit to be slightly more readable

## Get Your Role

Work out which [list of users you're part of in govuk-aws-data][govuk-aws-data-users-group].
You're about to use it in the 'Web Console' section below.

## Usage

> 

Reviewer: I don't know why there's extra blank line here...
